Improve qemu cmdline (#5540)
canonical/cloud-init: doc/rtd/howto/run_cloud_init_locally.rst

    wget https://cloud-images.ubuntu.com/jammy/current/jammy-server-cloudimg-amd64.img

.. note::
   Please be aware, the example is written for x86. It works on non-x86 but
   is slower as it will need to be emulated. You can change the image type and

>    qemu-system variant to your architecture to make it faster for you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   qemu-system command name to your architecture to make it faster for you.
```

Author: I'll fix it slightly differently but yeah - good catch

    wget https://cloud-images.ubuntu.com/jammy/current/jammy-server-cloudimg-amd64.img

> .. note::

Reviewer 2: Since this is already in a note, the "Please be aware" seems redundant.

> is written for x86. 

Correct, but this seems like unnecessary information.

Perhaps:

> This example uses emulated CPU instructions on non-x86 hosts, so it may be slow. To make it faster on non-x86 architectures, one can change the image type and qemu-system-<arch> command name to match the architecture of your host machine.

Reviewer: pulled in a laid down this note suggestion for inclusion prior to merge.

.. code-block:: shell-session

    $ qemu-system-x86_64 -m 1024 -net nic -net user \
        -drive file=jammy-server-cloudimg-amd64.img,index=0,format=qcow2,media=disk \
        -drive file=seed.img,index=1,media=cdrom \

>         -machine accel=kvm:tcg

Reviewer 3: is there any benefit to explaining what each of the various args passed are?

i feel like that might be out of scope for this since this is just cloud-init specific docs.

Reviewer 3: such as:

---

### Explanation

#### `qemu-system-x86_64`
- Emulates a 64-bit x86 machine.

#### `-m 1024`
- Allocates 1024 MB of RAM to the VM.

#### `-net nic`
- Adds a network interface card to the VM.

#### `-net user`
- Uses QEMU's user mode networking for basic network connectivity.

#### `-hda jammy-server-cloudimg-amd64.img`
- Sets the primary hard disk using the specified image.

#### `-hdb seed.img`
- Sets the secondary hard disk using the specified image, often for cloud-init data.

#### `-drive file=jammy-server-cloudimg-amd64.img,index=0,format=qcow2,media=disk`
- Specifies the primary drive in detail:
  - `file`: Image file to use.
  - `index`: Drive index (0 for primary).
  - `format`: Image format (QCOW2).
  - `media`: Type of drive (disk).

#### `-drive file=seed.img,index=1,media=cdrom`
- Specifies the secondary drive in detail:
  - `file`: Image file to use.
  - `index`: Drive index (1 for secondary).
  - `media`: Type of drive (CD-ROM).

#### `-machine accel=kvm:tcg`
- Uses KVM for hardware acceleration if available, otherwise TCG for software emulation.

Reviewer: Yes, I think this is probably out of scope for this tutorial to tell folks how to use QEMU command line and it probably should be left as an exercise to the user to RTFM to better understand the implications of qemu commandline in this example.
